ping command spec (#8121)
diem/diem: specifications/transactions/ping-command/README.md

# PingCommand

> Th `PingCommand` primarly provides a robust method for healthcheck for an off-chain service. In addition, its simplicity makes it an ideal candidate as the first milestone for validating a correctly implemented off-chain service. Upon receipt of a `PingCommand` the recipient responsds with an empty `CommandResponseObject` completing the exchange. Hence this protocol has no requirements for persistency, so long as the remote service is available and online, it is expected to respond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PingCommand` primarily provides a robust method for health-checking an off-chain service. In addition, its simplicity makes it an ideal candidate as the first milestone for validating a correctly implemented off-chain service. Upon receipt of a `PingCommand` the recipient responds with an empty `CommandResponseObject` completing the exchange. Hence this protocol has no requirements for persistency, so long as the remote service is available and online, it is expected to respond.
```

`PingCommand` Object:
```
{
    "_ObjectType": "CommandRequestObject",
    "command_type": "PingCommand",
    "command": {
	    "_ObjectType": "PingCommand",

>     },

Reviewer: I mean technically this could be empty, but I don't have a strong opinion, especially if we do want to add a payload later.
